Here are some mapsets and monster packs that are recommended for use with WOOMY: 

Mapsets: 

Ashes 2063 & Ashes Afterglow Sterilized Edition by Vostyok: While it might not fit the cyberpunk theme as most others on here, it fits really well with the post-apocalyptic theme and is also a blast to play with this mod, especially since Cyberpunk 2077 (one of WOOMY's main inspirations) also features nomad clans and scavengers much like in Ashes.
AUGER;ZENITH by Doomer Boards community: A brilliant cyberpunk mapset that goes well with almost all gameplay mods, WOOMY included. 21 maps full of fun and challenge to test your skills on.
Beyond Reality by Darsycho: Although not 100% compatible with it, much like WOOMY, it's full of references to pop culture and also has a general storyline about travelling to different dimensions. Approximately medium to hard in difficulty.
Consolation Prize by Kinsie: Actually two mapsets, both modified from total conversions that recreate the console ports of Doom; one is based on the PSX Doom TC, while the other is based on Doom 64 Retribution.
Diabolus Ex by Arvell: Auger;Zenith before Auger;Zenith even existed. A really well-done and detailed map that truly emphasizes the cyberpunk genre. On a side note, every time I (the author of this mod) download a new weapons mod, I always test it with Diabolus Ex.
DTS-T (Dimension Time Space Traveller) by Deathmatcher: Has a storyline that deals with dimensions and time travel, hence the name. Starts off easy at first glance, but then becomes a great challenge later on.
Fragport by The Ultimate Doomer: For a Doom wad released in 2000, it's really well detailed with realistic environments. Goes really well with monster packs and weapon mods that replace demons with humans.
Hellbound by Z86: Much like Fragport, it has a really detailed urban environment flowing across all the maps, using only vanilla textures to boot. The hellish levels later on are also nothing to scoff at, either.
HontE Remastered by +Ku6EPyXOBEPTKA+: All the levels from Doom 2 remade from the ground up, Knee-Deep in ZDoom style. Useful if you want to explore the original Doom 2 levels in a completely new way.
Icarus: Alien Vanguard by TeamTNT: While its custom textures have not aged very well (as well as some maps breaking easily just by jumping and crouching), it's still a blast to play through, with its easy-to-medium difficulty being accessible to all players of all skills.
Knee-Deep In ZDoom Lite by the KDiZD Team and XV117: A really-detailed remake of Episode 1 of Doom. Also slightly gives off a sense of time travel as well, as the original KDiZD wad was originally released back in 2007. The Lite version mentioned here is compatible with gameplay mods like this one.
Mars War by Nathan Lineback: Old but gold. Despite the extremely generic title, it's an old 90's megawad that's given a touch of hatred towards a certain tech company. Also (spoiler alert) you get to kill Bill Gates.
Phobos: Anomaly Reborn by Christopher Lutz: Much like KDiZD and Fragport, its environment is extremely detailed for a wad released in 2003. In fact, it might as well be KDiZD before KDiZD even existed.
Toward The Hell by MyNameIs: Rather small mapset, but really detailed. For someone's first WAD, it's really good in terms of gameplay, and even has its own custom monsters and weapons (in which WOOMY welcomes them in by not using KEYCONFs or Player.WeaponSlots).
UAC Invasion: The Supply Depot by DooMknight: A gigantic map that is detailed and challenging at the same time, even on the easiest difficulty, with mini-bosses sprinkled in between. Best played with vanilla monsters.
Whitemare 2 by Multiple Russian Doomers: A winter-themed wad with plenty of detailed levels. Maps start off small at first, then progressively get bigger over time. Sadly I can't get past MAP20 though. I don't recommend the first Whitemare however (Spider Mastermind on the first level? Seriously?)

Not mentioned, but still recommended: Every wad that is at least partly set in a virtual reality (Doom 404, Mandrill Ass Project, Valiant: Vaccinated Edition) or has a general sci-fi cyberpunk theme (Mutiny, 1000 Lines 3 Community Project, Back to Saturn X).

Monster packs: 

Amogus.pk3 by Alaux and Corp: If you absolutely hate any and all Among Us memes, you can use this monster pack as a sort of catharsis factor. All enemies are replaced with differently-coloured Among Us Impostors. Warning: the impostors are rather loud.
Angelic Aviary by CherubCorps: All demons are replaced with angels. Yes, really. If you ever get bored of killing demons and wonder what would happen if you pitted against their opposites from Heaven, then this is your stop. Also gives off Doom Eternal vibes (*cough* Maykrs *cough*). Best paired with Eviternity, as (spoiler alert) the final boss is a corrupted angel.
Champions by Mikk: Enemies too easy for you? Then spice them up with this mod; it adds new colour-coded 'champion' variants that modify enemies in new and unique ways. Best part is, it can affect any enemy, vanilla or custom.
Colourful Hell by CactusHege: All enemies are replaced with colour-coded tougher variants, with each tier making the affected enemy harder depending on the colour. It does not affect custom enemies (only vanilla ones), but said enemies are also affected by Champions and LegenDoom Lite, causing colourful chaos when all three are played together.
Cyberpunk Demons by TheTimmynator (aka Myself): Shameless self-promotion aside, this monster pack replaces all enemies with variants of existing vanilla Doom enemies, both new and familiar, that work well with cyberpunk-themed gameplay mods and mapsets. Most of them have some form of cybernetics attached to them. Will be released somewhere in 2023.
Dehacked Attack by Untitled: A monster pack that recreates various Dehacked enemies from various Doom wads, old and new. Can also give off a sense of time travel; it fits rather perfectly with DTS-T and its time-travelling story.
Kriegsland Enemies Pack by Dr_Cosmobyte and Facinora: Nothing is more cathartic than mowing down hundreds of Nazis. Indeed, that's what this wad allows you to do; all enemies are replaced with various Nazis and robots for you to kill.
LegenDoom Lite by Yholl: Much like Champions, it turns a random enemy legendary, making them much tougher to fight against. Also like Champions, it can affect any enemy whether it's vanilla or custom.
Legion of Bones by SpaceyStrife: All enemies (except the Cyberdemon, unfortunately) are replaced with tougher, skeletal counterparts. If that's not enough, there's a Double Death mode that pits you against vanilla enemies... that become their skeletal variants after they die.
Rampancy by Yholl: All enemies are replaced by various kinds of robots, each one coming with a unique function that stands out from the rest. Very fitting for sci-fi and techbase mapsets.
Russian Mercenaries by RastaManGames: All enemies are replaced with various enemies from various games with one thing in common; they all have Russian voice lines. Very cathartic if you want to kill some Russians as payback against the recent war in Ukraine.
Touhou Doom Enemies by Untitled: Comes in two flavours; demons that have been enhanced with danmaku powers, and your familiar Touhou characters. You can even adjust the spawn rate to spawn either one, the other, or both at once.
WOOMY: United Forces of Nieue-Inkopolei by TheTimmynator (aka Myself): Might seem like an advertisement, but this is the quasi-official monster pack designed for running with WOOMY: Project Petersen. All enemies are replaced with human soldiers, deadly robots and superpowered cyborgs that fit perfectly into any sci-fi, futuristic, or cyberpunk-themed mapset.

Addons (mini-mods): 

AI Director and Demon Counterstrike by josh771 and Laggy (respectively): Grouped together because their functions are similar; both mods gradually spawn more enemies and items over time to prevent players from getting bored without anything to shoot. They're also customizable, therefore being able to turn any map from easy strolls to hardcore slaughtermaps and anything in between.
Bolognese by Sergeant_Mark_IV: An extensive gore mod based on the famous Brutal Doom mod by the same author that is easily customizable and works with any and all enemies, whether vanilla or custom.
DamNums by Xaser: Shows numbers that show how much damage you dealt to an enemy. Very useful if you want to determine a weapon's damage output without viewing the mod's source code.
DarkDoomZ by Caligari87: A lighting mod that makes maps darker based on light sources, either defined in texture lumps or based on decorations using dynamic lighting. Best paired with a flashlight mod.
DeusDoom by cyber_cool: A mod that implements the bio-augmentation system from Deus Ex into Doom. Fits with WOOMY's cyberpunk theme (alongside other similarly-themed mods like Lithium). (WARNING! NO LONGER WORKS ON LATEST GZDOOM VERSIONS!)
Doom RPG SE Rebalance by Kyle873, Sumwunn and WNC12k: Less a mini-mod and more of a full-on gameplay mod that's compatible with other gameplay mods. Not to be confused with the obscure mobile game, Doom RPG adds a ton of new RPG mechanics including levels, ranks, augmentations (a la Deus Ex), stimulants, shields, and even unique environmental events. While it's rather a pain to set up, the experience will be truly worth it.
Gearbox by m8f: A flexible weapon wheel mod that saves precious killing time when having to select a different weapon. Comes in a few varieties; the traditional wheel style, the Half-Life-like blocks style, and a plain text style.
Gholazon X by Skelegant: A companion mod with a neat twist; the companions are instead trapped in glass pods where you have to break them open to free them and join your side. There's even extra items added that's designed with the companions in mind as well.
Gun Bonsai by ToxicFrog: A mod that adds in universal weapon (and player) upgrades that's both highly compatible and customizable. The upgrades themselves come in many flavours, from elemental upgrades to non-elemental ones.
Hellscape Navigator by m8f: A set of tools designed to help with map navigation. Useful if you're getting lost in large, complex maps.
Indestructable by ToxicFrog: Implements the extra life feature into Doom. When you die, you instead get healed, plus gain invulnerability, double damage, and time stop for 10 seconds by default. You can configure how much extra lives you get at the start or by completing levels.
Intelligent Supplies by Zhs2: Have you ever picked up some health or ammo while almost full and got frustrated that all the remaining values are just gone forever? This mod fixes that; it only picks up what is needed if your health/ammo/armor/whatever counter is close to full and saves the rest for later.
LiveReverb by Sunbeam: Does exactly what it says on the title; gives you dynamic reverb on all maps without them having to be defined on MAPINFO.
Major's Minecraft Mania (Triple M) by Major Cooke: Adds in several mobs from Minecraft into Doom, but with a twist; unlike the monster packs mentioned above, the mobs don't replace any existing enemies, meaning they can be loaded alongside your favourite monster pack for maximum carnage.
Nameless Lite RPG Mod by monkeybtm6: Adds in RPG-style spells and statistics into Doom without breaking other weapon and enemy mods in the process. While the selection is rather barebones, it can help turn the tides of your enemies with their unique abilities.
Phobos Minute by JP LeBreton: Adds in a time limit where you must complete the map within the given time. Killing enemies adds a time bonus. If the time runs out, you die.
Playthrough Stat Tracker by JP LeBreton: A tracker minimod that tracks many things, including how many types of enemies you've killed, how much damage you've taken and healed, how much damage is done to monsters, and how many types of items you've picked up, among other things.
Relighting by Hey Doomer: Redefines the sector lighting in maps to instead be based on light sources configured in the wads' text lumps much like dynamic lighting, causing more realistic lights in maps. It's rather resource intensive, so for more detailed maps just use DarkDoomZ instead.
Supreme Invasion by TDRR: A mini-mod that turns any and all maps into invasion-style ones, complete with waves. Works with many mapsets and gameplay mods. While designed with Zandronum in mind, it runs in GZDoom without problems.
Target Spy by m8f: Displays health on whoever you're targeting, whether it's an enemy, an ally or just a breakable decorative object. It's also wildly customizable, too.
Universal Rain and Snow by Boondorl: A universal weather mod that can be used to spice up maps that don't have weather effects of their own. Comes in four weather types: rain, snow, blood rain and ash.
Vanilla Essence by Pixel Eater: Have you ever wondered what your favourite non-vanilla mod would look like under vanilla Doom's conditions? This mod provides a one-click vanilla mode that you can toggle at will. Said mode is customizable as well.
War Trophies by Tapwave: A mod that's basically a kill tracker. Has three separate counters; total kills, weapon kills, and experience (that is determined based on the killed enemy's health). Very useful if you want to see how many kills you've done during a wad playthrough.